The name of activity that I have completed on Wikiversity is “Create and Use Vector Graphics”.
I described the topic that I selected from Wikiversity as “familiar”, because Vector Graphics sounds familiar to me.
I’ve seen those words before, because I took graphic design 101, 102 and 103 classes before
I learned that word from those classes.
I learned this topic about creating any tools, layers and other things.
They are from Adobe Illustrator.
I learned how to use Adobe Illustrator.
I’ve been using those Adobe programs since I was a junior year in high school.
I learned how to use a pen tool for computer-drawing logos, shapes and other things.
The pen tool is for drawing vector paths.
I also learned about downloading & installing Inkscape apps from the Apple Store.
It is for creating vector images.
SVG means Scalable Vector Graphics.
Other formats can be imported and exported.
I envision being able to apply the concept to my current or future environment by using pen tools for creating logos, shapes and other things for fun.
In future, I will build my own business for graphic design.
Then, I will make a logo by using Adobe Illustrator on my MacBook laptop.
I honestly enjoy making shapes and logos for fun.
Creating things is one of my hobbies when I feel bored.

The name of activity that I have completed on Wikiversity is “Create Multimedia”.
I described the topic that I selected from Wikiversity as “Difficult”, because I haven’t learned how to create multimedia before.
But, I think it is for capturing videos on the desktop, just like teachers sharing the screens on the online classes.
It is for the teachers to present things by sharing their screens on desktops.
I learned this topic about how to screen capture to file using VLC.
VLC stands for Videolan (Local Area Network) Client Computing or VLC stands for Video Loading Client Computing.
I also learned that VLC is about a free and portable & cross-platform media player software and streaming media server developed by the VideoLAN project.
It  is available for desktop and mobile devices.
The mobile devices are Android, iOS, Windows and others.
It is about a person who needs to capture their screen as a video file.
A person who wants to screen record a gameplay video or create a video game tutorial.
Most YouTubers do that.
They post their own videogames on YouTube for fun.
I envision being able to apply the concept to my current or future environment by learning how to screen capture the graphic design things for my future graphic design business in future.
If other people pick their graphic design careers, then I can create those videos for teaching other people how to use Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop and other programs from Windows or MacBook.
Then, I can try to help them to achieve their goals in future.