The activity that I have completed on Wikiversity is “Create a simple web page”.
I described the topic that I selected as “pretty hard” and “interesting”, because creating web pages for blogs, restaurants and other things is challenging.
I've done that before when I was in GRA145.
It was hard.
I learned this topic from Wikiversity about “Online HTML Editor”.
It is about creating a HTML website.
It is very intuitive.
The “intuitive” is a thing that is the ability to acquire knowledge without recourse.
It works on your browser without installing any additional apps from Google play store and other things.
You are going to compose your text by using the WYSIWYG editor for adjusting the format for the source code.
You could create anything if you want on the webpage.
You can create anything on the HTML editor.
I envision being able to apply the concept to my current or future environment by creating a web page for blog, restaurant, shopping, business or other option.
I would like to create a web page for a graphic design business when I grow up becoming a graphic designer after finishing studying graphic design major at college.

The activity that I have completed on Wikiversity is “Getting started with HTML”.
I described the topic that I selected as “interesting”, because the article about HTML from Wikiversity looks more challenging than other things that I’ve learned about from other activities on Wikiversity.
I learned this topic from Wikiversity about the elements, attributes, and all the other important terms in the article.
It is about where I can fit those things.
I can fit them in HTML.
I also learned about what HTML is.
HTML stands for Hypertext Markup Language.
It is not a programming language.
It tells web browsers how to structure the web pages you visit.
It could be very complicated or simple as a web developer.
I envision being able to apply the concept to my current or future environment by learning about HTML.
I want to type something that I want for my graphic design business.
I would like to create the website for my graphic design business.
I would like to create merch, banners/posters and other things on a graphic design website for fun!
I can put the HTML for merch website, banners/posters website and other things.
I can type a paragraph about my graphic design business.
I think creating HTML websites for merch, banners/posters and other things is really hard.