The activity that I have completed on Wikiversity is “Create and use internal CSS”.
I described the topic that I selected from Wikiversity as “Interesting”, because I haven’t heard that title before.
That title from Wikiversity is more interesting than other titles.
I learned this topic from Wikiversity about integrating the internal CSS stylesheets by placing the <style> element in the <head> section of a page.
Internal styles apply to whole pages but not to multiple HTML documents.
Several pages can be styled by repeating the same block of internal styles in them.
I also learned about creating an internal CSS in HTML.
It is about using the HTML <head> element to store <style> and <link> elements.
It is also about using the CSS color property for text colors.
I envision being able to apply the concept to my current or future environment by adding internal CSS for one single HTML page that has a unique style.
But, I still do not know how to add and use internal CSS. I think it’s kinda complicated to me.

The activity that I have completed from Wikiversity is “W3Schools: CSS Tutorial”.
I described the topic that I selected from Wikiversity as “easiest”, because the whole thing about CSS tutorial is understandable.
It helps me to understand about creating CSS templates for documents and other stuff.
I learned this topic from Wikiversity about CSS templates.
They allow other people to create some responsive W3 CSS templates for them to use for documents and other stuff.
They are free to modify, save, share, and use things that they have worked on in all their projects.
I also learned about CSS colors.
It is about picking any color name for their templates. It has 140 template colors.
I envision being able to apply the concept to my current or future environment by picking any type of template with any color for documents and other stuff.
I would like to work on that for my future business.
I hope CSS things would help me to understand those things that I’ve learned about.
I’d like to pick the dark red color template for my future business.
It would be fun!